Torchserve v2 protocol (#1870)
kserve/kserve: docs/samples/v1beta1/torchserve/v2/README.md

# Predict on a InferenceService using TorchServe

In this example, we use a trained pytorch mnist model to predict handwritten digits by running an inference service with [TorchServe](https://github.com/pytorch/serve) predictor.

## Setup

> 1. Your ~/.kube/config should point to a cluster with [KFServing installed](https://github.com/kubeflow/kfserving/#install-kfserving).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Your ~/.kube/config should point to a cluster with [KServe installed](https://github.com/kserve/kserve/#installation).
```

2. Your cluster's Istio Ingress gateway must be [network accessible](https://istio.io/latest/docs/tasks/traffic-management/ingress/ingress-control/).

## Create the InferenceService

For deploying the `InferenceService` on CPU
```bash
kubectl apply -f torchserve-v2.yaml
```

Expected Output

```bash

> $inferenceservice.serving.kubeflow.org/torchserve-v2 created

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$inferenceservice.serving.kserve.io/torchserve-v2 created
```
